1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.	Why do different parts of the country crave different things? Is gender a deciding factor in what food is chosen after a breakup?2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.https://trends.google.com/trends/3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) andchange the date range to February 1, 2024, through February 28, 2025.a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?The highest record peak was 100 searches between January 31 and February 28, 2025b) What is the lowest dip recorded?The lowest dip recorded was 65 searches on Nov 30 - Dec 31, 20244. At the top, next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another searchterm. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is thelowest dip?For Hamburger, their highest peak recorded was 100 searches (June 30 - July 31, 2024), and their lowest dip was 71 searches (Nov 30 - Dec 31, 2024)b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?The line for Milkshakes is much lower than the line representing hamburgers. Hamburgers are higher since they have more average searches compared to milkshakes at the exact same point in time.5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.The reason the line for Milkshake changed was that the average search interest for Milkshake was lower than that of Hamburgers for a specified time period.6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakupand Hamburger?I don't see abt patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup and Hamburger.b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?A few parts show a pattern between Milkshakes and Breakup, like how from May 31 to June 30, 2024, they both increased together. But otherwise, in different periods of time, they do not show any patterns.7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in thearticle?The conclusion reached by the article can't be 100% reliable. Since there are moments in time where there is a slight correlation, it doesn't happen too often to claim that they are true.8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?The top states by interest for Milkshakes are Alabama, Indiana, and Virginiab) What was the top state by interest for HamburgerThe top state of interest for Hamburger is Alabama.