Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?

- There are 402,375 datasets listed.

Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category?

- Browsing through the listed datasets, it provides a lot of food-related topics. I think these are tagged with Human Health because, in America, the diet of the people is very important, and that food is one of the biggest problems we have here, from organic food to processed food.

Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?

- To get the additional dataset from the USDA, under the references, there is a link to the Food price outlook.

Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?

- There was no organizations for the city of Fremont nor the Alameda County. It does show 2 organization for California. OpenTopography and the State of California

Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results?

- After searching up "nutrition" in the USDA page, it gave me a lot more datasets compared to searching up "food composition"


Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the FoodData Central website.


a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result?

- After searching up butter, it listed different types of butter. It also shows different tabs like "SR Legacy Food", "Survey Foods", etc. After clicking on some of the results, it showed the components of the selected butter, like, minerals, vitamins, lipids, etc. Aside from components, it also shows individual samples from other places that produced the selected butter.

b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
more information on the data types available? 

- It shows all the downloadable data type that are available to the public. The size of the file are a few GB. I'm looking around, but I can't seem to find where it provides more information on the data types, unless it is the historical downloads.
	